Add quality assurance review to md (#5206)
ILIAS-eLearning/ILIAS: docs/development/review.md

```

### Template for Quality Assurance Reviews

Please commit the following file as part of the review to the root of the component.
To measure the statistics you can use:
- Logical Lines of Code: [phploc](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phploc): `php phploc.phar <Path to Component>`
- Nr of Tests: phpunit: `./libs/composer/vendor/phpunit/phpunit/phpunit --list-tests <Path to Component Test Suite File>`
- Nr of LoCs changed in last 365 days: `git diff --shortstat HEAD $(git log --since=365.days --oneline Services/WebDAV/ | tail -1 | cut -f 1 -d " ")^ <Path to Component>`
- Nr of Commits in last 365 days: `git log --since=365.days --oneline <Path to Component> | wc -l`

> - To check the general code quality: `./CI/PHPStan/run_checks.sh <Path to Component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To check the general code quality: `./CI/PHPStan/run_checks.sh <Path to Component>`.
```

Author: Yup, that is it. Thanks!

	- [ ] Direct access to $_POST parameters through the request-wrapper is only used exceptionally and explained in a
	      comment next to the access.
- [ ] There are at least as many unit tests as in the last ILIAS Version and all tests pass. In cases where a feature is
      completely removed from the ILIAS core or where code is centralized, the number of unit tests may exceptionally decrease.
- [ ] All external libraries are up to date and compatible with PHP 8 and 8.1
- Types:
	- [ ] Explict PHP types are used (type hints, return types, typed properties) unless this is not possible due to
	      missing support for Union-Types in PHP 8.
	- [ ] The type `object` is not used
	- [ ] `Mixed` is only used instead of a generic
	- [ ] No named parameters are used
- [ ] General Code Quality:
    - [ ] There are no accesses to unknown classes
    - [ ] There are no accesses to unknown methods
    - [ ] There are no usages of undeclared class properties
    - [ ] There is no dead/unreachable code
    - [ ] There are no accesses to methods that are potentially missing (e.g. when Union Types or Magic Functions are used)

>     - [ ] All parameters and return values are either typed or their expected type is declared in a DocBlock, but not both

Reviewer 2: I stumbled over this criterion. It says typing and DocBlock are not allowed at the same time. I often have an `array` typed as a parameter or return value and additionally make a more specified declaration in the DocBlock, like `@var int[]` or `@return int[]`. This should still be possible IMO.

Author: Thank you very much @tfamula  for the feedback and you are right. Even though we should mostly get rid of the arrays,  this is a unique case and I agree that it should be added, so I would suggest:
```suggestion
    - [ ] All parameters and return values are either typed or their expected type is declared in a DocBlock. No parameter or return value is typed and has a DocBlock aswell, unless the DocBlock specifies the types contained in an array or an iterator.
```

Reviewer: Hmm, valid point. Should we loosen this a bit? I think something similar would apply to `Iterator<$TYPE>`.

Author: Personally, I would stick to the allow-listing approach. I added the iterator to the list above. If we see it getting to long, I will start the part of my brain responsible for synthesis. Ok?
